README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/voryx/Thruway.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/voryx/Thruway)

Thruway
===========

Thruway is an open source client and router implementation of [WAMP (Web Application Messaging Protocol)](http://wamp.ws/), for PHP.  Thruway uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model ([reactphp](http://reactphp.org/)), perfect for modern real-time applications.  

### <a name="features"></a>Supported WAMP Features

**Basic Spec** [read more](https://github.com/tavendo/WAMP/blob/master/spec/basic.md)
* Publish and Subscribe
* Remote Procedure Calls
* Websocket Transport
* Internal Transport\*
* JSON serialization



**Advanced Spec** [read more](https://github.com/tavendo/WAMP/blob/master/spec/advanced.md)
* RawSocket Transport
* Authentication
 * WAMP Challenge-Response Authentication
 * Custom Authentication Methods
* Authorization
* Publish & Subscribe
 * Subscriber Black and Whitelisting
 * Publisher Exclusion
 * Publisher Identification
 * Subscriber Meta Events
 * Event History\*
 * Subscription Matching
  * Prefix matching
* Remote Procedure Calls
 * Caller Identification
 * Progressive Call Results
 * Distributed Registrations & Calls\*
 * Caller Exclusion
 * Canceling Calls


\* _Thruway specific features_



Requirements
------------

Thruway is only supported on PHP 5.6 and up.

### Quick Start with Composer

Create a directory for the test project

      $ mkdir thruway

Switch to the new directory

      $ cd thruway

Download Composer [more info](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#downloading-the-composer-executable)

      $ curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
      
Download Thruway and dependencies

      $ php composer.phar require voryx/thruway

Start the WAMP router

      $ php vendor/voryx/thruway/Examples/SimpleWsRouter.php
    
Thruway is now running on 127.0.0.1 port 9090 

### PHP Client Example

```php
<?php

require __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';

use Thruway\ClientSession;
use Thruway\Peer\Client;
use Thruway\Transport\PawlTransportProvider;

$client = new Client("realm1");
$client->addTransportProvider(new PawlTransportProvider("ws://127.0.0.1:9090/"));

$client->on('open', function (ClientSession $session) {

    // 1) subscribe to a topic
    $onevent = function ($args) {
        echo "Event {$args[0]}\n";
    };
    $session->subscribe('com.myapp.hello', $onevent);

    // 2) publish an event
    $session->publish('com.myapp.hello', ['Hello, world from PHP!!!'], [], ["acknowledge" => true])->then(
        function () {
            echo "Publish Acknowledged!\n";
        },
        function ($error) {
            // publish failed
            echo "Publish Error {$error}\n";
        }
    );

    // 3) register a procedure for remoting
    $add2 = function ($args) {
        return $args[0] + $args[1];
    };
    $session->register('com.myapp.add2', $add2);

    // 4) call a remote procedure
    $session->call('com.myapp.add2', [2, 3])->then(
        function ($res) {
            echo "Result: {$res}\n";
        },
        function ($error) {
            echo "Call Error: {$error}\n";
        }
    );
});


$client->start();
```

### Javascript Clients

You can also use [AutobahnJS](https://github.com/tavendo/AutobahnJS) or any other WAMPv2 compatible client.

Here are some [examples] (https://github.com/tavendo/AutobahnJS#show-me-some-code)

Here's a [plunker](http://plnkr.co/edit/8vcBDUzIhp48JtuTGIaj?p=info) that will allow you to run some tests against a local router

For AngularJS on the frontend, use the [Angular WAMP](https://github.com/voryx/angular-wamp) wrapper.

Commit message:

Updated readme with pawl transport install instructions

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/voryx/Thruway.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/voryx/Thruway)

Thruway
===========

Thruway is an open source client and router implementation of [WAMP (Web Application Messaging Protocol)](http://wamp.ws/), for PHP.  Thruway uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model ([reactphp](http://reactphp.org/)), perfect for modern real-time applications.  

### <a name="features"></a>Supported WAMP Features

**Basic Spec** [read more](https://github.com/tavendo/WAMP/blob/master/spec/basic.md)
* Publish and Subscribe
* Remote Procedure Calls
* Websocket Transport
* Internal Transport\*
* JSON serialization



**Advanced Spec** [read more](https://github.com/tavendo/WAMP/blob/master/spec/advanced.md)
* RawSocket Transport
* Authentication
 * WAMP Challenge-Response Authentication
 * Custom Authentication Methods
* Authorization
* Publish & Subscribe
 * Subscriber Black and Whitelisting
 * Publisher Exclusion
 * Publisher Identification
 * Subscriber Meta Events
 * Event History\*
 * Subscription Matching
  * Prefix matching
* Remote Procedure Calls
 * Caller Identification
 * Progressive Call Results
 * Distributed Registrations & Calls\*
 * Caller Exclusion
 * Canceling Calls


\* _Thruway specific features_



Requirements
------------

Thruway is only supported on PHP 5.6 and up.

### Quick Start with Composer

Create a directory for the test project

      $ mkdir thruway

Switch to the new directory

      $ cd thruway

Download Composer [more info](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#downloading-the-composer-executable)

      $ curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
      
Download Thruway and dependencies

      $ php composer.phar require voryx/thruway

If you're going to also use the Thruway Client install a client transport.  You'll need this to run the examples

      $ php composer.phar require thruway/pawl-transport

Start the WAMP router

      $ php vendor/voryx/thruway/Examples/SimpleWsRouter.php
    
Thruway is now running on 127.0.0.1 port 9090 

### PHP Client Example

```php
<?php

require __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';

use Thruway\ClientSession;
use Thruway\Peer\Client;
use Thruway\Transport\PawlTransportProvider;

$client = new Client("realm1");
$client->addTransportProvider(new PawlTransportProvider("ws://127.0.0.1:9090/"));

$client->on('open', function (ClientSession $session) {

    // 1) subscribe to a topic
    $onevent = function ($args) {
        echo "Event {$args[0]}\n";
    };
    $session->subscribe('com.myapp.hello', $onevent);

    // 2) publish an event
    $session->publish('com.myapp.hello', ['Hello, world from PHP!!!'], [], ["acknowledge" => true])->then(
        function () {
            echo "Publish Acknowledged!\n";
        },
        function ($error) {
            // publish failed
            echo "Publish Error {$error}\n";
        }
    );

    // 3) register a procedure for remoting
    $add2 = function ($args) {
        return $args[0] + $args[1];
    };
    $session->register('com.myapp.add2', $add2);

    // 4) call a remote procedure
    $session->call('com.myapp.add2', [2, 3])->then(
        function ($res) {
            echo "Result: {$res}\n";
        },
        function ($error) {
            echo "Call Error: {$error}\n";
        }
    );
});


$client->start();
```

### Javascript Clients

You can also use [AutobahnJS](https://github.com/tavendo/AutobahnJS) or any other WAMPv2 compatible client.

Here are some [examples] (https://github.com/tavendo/AutobahnJS#show-me-some-code)

Here's a [plunker](http://plnkr.co/edit/8vcBDUzIhp48JtuTGIaj?p=info) that will allow you to run some tests against a local router

For AngularJS on the frontend, use the [Angular WAMP](https://github.com/voryx/angular-wamp) wrapper.
